Terms & Conditions
All products will be supplied as near as possible to the customers specified weights, as these are live products sometimes variances do occur and we will endeavour to supply a heavier product whenever possible. In the event this isn’t possible we will contact you to discuss options.

These terms and conditions apply to the use of this Website and by accessing this Website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not use or access this Website.
Before you place an order, if you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions, please contact our Customer Service team by e-mailling contact@baterhouse.com, or call us Monday – Friday 9-5pm. All inbound and outbound calls may be recorded for quality monitoring and training purposes.

Definitions
Conditions – means these terms and conditions and the Special Conditions

Product – means a product/package displayed for sale on the Website

Product Description – means that part of the Website where certain terms and conditions in respect of the individual Product are provided

Special Conditions – means the terms and conditions in the Product Description

Users – means the users of the Website collectively

Personal Information – means the details provided by you on registration

We/us – means BaterHouse

Website – means the website located at www.baterhouse.com or any subsequent URL which may replace it

Cookies – means small text files which our Website places on your computer’s hard drive to store information about your shopping session and to identify your computer

You – means a user of this Website.

Use of the website

Access
You are provided with access to this Website in accordance with these Conditions and any orders placed by you must be placed strictly in accordance with these Conditions.

Registration
You warrant that:

The Personal Information which you are required to provide when you register as a customer is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and

You will notify us immediately of any changes to the Personal Information by contacting us thru email Monday – Friday 9-5pm

You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorized to use.

Indemnity

You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website, or the use by any other person accessing the Website using your shopping account and/or your Personal Information.

Our rights

We reserve the right to:

modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website; and/or

change the Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the Website (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.

Third party links
To provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.

Recommendations
When you use our website, you’ll see that we offer you recommendations, showing products we think you might like and could perhaps miss when you’re browsing the site.

These are based on your past purchases, top sellers, ratings and recently-viewed products. We determine your interests and suggest new products you may like; additionally we compare your interests and buying habits with the interests and habits of other customers, to show you relevant products.

Your recommendations may change when you make a purchase and move around the site. You might like to add products that interest you to your wish list for future reference.

We take reasonable care to ensure our recommendations are in line with your behaviour as a customer of Pastures Poultry and Farm Shop. Details of the products we recommend – such as price – are correct at the time recommendations are originally made to you, but can be subject to change without notice.

Privacy and cookies
We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable India Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place.

When you shop on this Website, we will ask you to input and will collect Personal Information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections and a password.

We may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (eg the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.in and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website (“User Information”).

We may collect this information even if you do not register with us.

You should be aware that this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service, or be used to present you with Pastures Poultry products which are relevant to your browsing history when you visit other websites. Find out more here.

We confirm that any Personal Information which you provide to us (or which is available on public registers) and any User Information from which we can identify you, is held in accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner’s Office. We use your information only for the following purposes:

Processing your orders;

For statistical or survey purposes to improve this Website and its services to you;

To serve website content and advertisements to you;

To administer this website;

To contact you about leaving a review on a product once your order has been completed;

If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you

You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003

In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes, ensure that you tick the appropriate box as you go through the registration process. You may unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by replying to a promotional e-mail with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line, by e-mailing us at contact@baterhouse.com

Your Personal Information may be disclosed to other businesses within Pastures Poultry and Farm Shop and to reputable third parties who will help process your order. Pastures Poultry and Farm Shop requires all such third parties to treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable India Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. We will not release your Personal Information to any company outside of BaterHouse for mailing or marketing purposes

You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so

When entering any of our contests or prize draws, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. If you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. When you enter a contest or prize draw, you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the Website. You may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received.

We use Cookies to keep track of your current shopping session to personalise your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping basket at any time; if you do not accept Cookies, you will be unable to use this Website for shopping purposes, only for browsing and research.Read more information on selecting or deselecting ‘Cookies’.

If you’d like to opt out of cookies, please go to the Network Advertising Initiative website (opens in a new window – please note that we’re not responsible for the content of external websites).

Do not track (DNT) is a feature offered by some browsers, with some newer browsers offering it as default. If you enable it, it sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing isn’t tracked, for example by third party ad or social networks, or analytic companies. You can opt out of tracking and analytics on this website by changing your settings in our Managing Cookies section here.

At present no industry-wide uniform standard has been agreed and adopted to determine how DNT requests should be managed, so our website doesn’t currently respond to DNT requests. Until that standard is established, we’ll continue to review DNT and other new technologies, but won’t respond to DNT requests.

Delivery photography: If one of our Customer Delivery Partners attempts to deliver an order to your address and finds there’s no-one available to receive it, we reserve the right to take a photograph of the outside of the property to assure you we were in the right geographical location to fulfill your order, and confirm we had located the correct address. We can assure you that this photograph won’t be published or circulated, or used for any other purpose other than verification, and that it’s held securely in compliance with Data Protection legislation.

Description of products
Each Product purchased is sold subject to its Product Description which sets out additional Specific Conditions related to that Product including, without limitation, terms and conditions concerning estimated delivery dates and times, warranties, after-sales service and guarantees.

We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of Products appearing on the Website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. Although we aim tokeep the Website as up to date as possible, the information including Product Descriptions appearing on this Website at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an order. We cannot confirm the price of a Product until your order is accepted in accordance with our Order acceptance policy.

Ordering, cancelling and returning products
Orders

We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Website. Find out more about our Refund policy which is incorporated into these Conditions.

Contract creation and electronic contracting

The technical steps required to create the contract between you and us are as follows:

You place the order for your products on the Website by pressing the confirm order button at the end of the checkout process. You will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of simple instructions on the Website

You’ll need JavaScript enabled on your computer to buy products and check out. Please enable JavaScript in your browser, then refresh your browser to continue.

We will send you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered. This is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Pastures Poultry and Farm Shop.

As your product is shipped from our warehouse we will send you a despatch confirmation email.

Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch to you of the Products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order, or you have cancelled it.

Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:

The product you ordered being unavailable from stock

Our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment

The identification of a pricing or product description error

Your not meeting the eligibility to order criteria set out in the main Terms & Conditions

The contract will be concluded in English.

General terms
Intellectual property and right to use

You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.

You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may (if necessary to make a Purchase) download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.

Compliance with laws
The Website may be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding the Website and any transactions conducted on or through the Website.

Limitation of liability
While we will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information we place on the Website, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy. The Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Website, or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the Website including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, security, accuracy, conditions of completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade.

We make no warranty that the Website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the Website. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website.

To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Products. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your Contract Cancellation Rights.

We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the Conditions for:

any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or

any loss of goodwill or reputation; or

any special or indirect losses

suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under the Conditions.

Nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.

Severance
If any part of the Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Conditions.

Waiver
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision.

Survival
Each provision of the Conditions shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.

Entire agreement
These Conditions govern our relationship with you. Any changes to these Conditions must be in writing and signed by both parties. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept the Conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a term of these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any representation. Your Statutory Rights are not affected by these terms and conditions. Nothing in this Clause shall limit or exclude our liability in respect of any fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of the Conditions.

Law
The Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.

Contact
For any queries regarding our service, please contact us via email or phone

Our company details are:

BaterHouse Inc.
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand.
India.
